              ( For installation instructions, refer to UPGRADE.TXT )

         ( For instructions on how to convert from RA, refer to PB216.DOC )

         컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴

         Prudence and courtesy dictate that we ask you to back up your
         system before installing and/or upgrading to ProBoard v2.16.

         Although every effort has been made to provide you with software
         that will install/upgrade easily, due to the many different number
         of possible hardware and software combinations, it's virtually
         impossible to guarantee that a problem won't occur.  It's your
         system, do what you like, but remember we did ask you to backup
         first.

         컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴

                         旼컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴커
                          旼컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴커 
                              ProBoard v2.xx     
                                    to           
                              ProBoard v2.16     
                           Upgrade instructions  
                          읕컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴켸 
                         읕컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴켸

         Unpack the distribution archive in a temporary directory or to a
         diskette and run INSTALL.EXE.  The installation utility will
         detect if ProBoard is already installed and will ask you if you
         want to update to the new version.  That's all there is to it.
         The update process will run automatically.

         컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴

         The following section is intented for people who don't want to
         use the automatic installation program for upgrading to
         ProBoard v2.16.


                         旼컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴커
                          旼컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴커 
                              ProBoard v2.xx     
                                    to           
                              ProBoard v2.16     
                                * MANUAL *       
                           Upgrade Instructions  
                          읕컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴켸 
                         읕컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴켸


         1)  Remove the "read-only" attribute of your existing PROBOARD.EXE
             by issuing the following DOS command:

                ATTRIB -R PROBOARD.EXE

             If your existing PROBOARD.EXE file was not marked "read-only"
             to start with, remember that this is necessary for ProBoard
             to run  correctly since it's an "overlayed" .EXE file.

             You should issue the above command even if you're not sure
             about the present attribute of your current PROBOARD.EXE file.

             컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
             ** Important **
             컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
             If you do not remove the "read-only" attribute from your
             PROBOARD.EXE file, then you will not be able to copy the new
             PROBOARD.EXE file to the directory you are running ProBoard
             from, and the v2.16 upgrade will fail.  Read the above, and be
             sure you understand it before you proceed.

         2)  Copy all executables (*.EXE) from PB_216.ZIP over your old
             executables

         3)  Set the read-only attribute of PROBOARD.EXE

             ATTRIB +R PROBOARD.EXE

         4)  Copy all *.PEX files from PB_216.ZIP in your PEX directory
             (overwriting the existing PEXes that came with the previous
             version)

         5)  Copy all *.CPP, *.C, *.H, *.HPP, *.OBJ and  *.LIB files from
             PB_216.ZIP in your SDK directory

         6)  Copy all *.216, *.DOC and *.TXT files from PB_216.ZIP in your
             documentation directory (or your system directory)

         7)  Copy all *.PBL files from PB_216.ZIP in your system directory
             (overwriting the existing language files that came with
              the previous version)

         8)  Copy DEFLANG.PB to your ProBoard system directory.

         9)  Run "CONVERT PB" in your ProBoard system directory.

         컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴

